---
cover: ../.gitbook/assets/Energy8LabsHeader (2).png
coverY: 0
---

# Grant of License

1. **Energy8** grants the User a non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable right to use the Service on your personal computer or other device that has access to the Internet in order to obtain and use the services available and described on the **energy8.io** website (the website and all its functionality together being the "Service"), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein.
2. The Service isn’t for use by (i) minors and individuals under the age of 18 years; (ii) individuals who can be considered minors or under the age of majority adulthood in their specific jurisdiction(s); or (iii) individuals accessing or using the Service from any jurisdiction in which it is illegal for them to do so. **Energy8** doesn’t have the ability to verify the legality of the Service in every jurisdiction. Therefore, it is entirely up to the User to determine whether or not your use of the Service is lawful.
3. **Energy8** and its licensors are the sole holders of all rights in and to the Service and code, technology, organization and structure, architecture, including copyright, trade secrets, intellectual property and other rights. You may not: (a) copy, create derivative works, distribute, publish, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, or translate the **Energy8** website or the Service; or (b) use the Service that in any way is forbidden by applicable laws or regulations (each of the above herein defined as an "Unauthorized Use").
4. **Energy8** reserves any and all rights implied or otherwise, which are not expressly granted to the User hereunder and retain all rights, title, and interest in and to the Service. You confirm that you will be solely liable for any damage, costs, or expenses arising out of or in connection with the commission by you of any Unauthorized Use. You shall notify **Energy8** immediately upon becoming aware of the commission by any person of any Unauthorized Use and shall provide **Energy8** with reasonable assistance with any investigations it conducts in light of the information provided by you in this respect.
5. The term "**Energy8**", its associated domain names and any other trade marks, or service marks used by **Energy8** as part of the Service (the "Trade Marks"), are solely owned by **Energy8**. You hereby acknowledge that by using the Service, you obtain zero rights in the Site Content and/or the Trade Marks, or any part thereof. Under no circumstances may you use the Site Content and/or the Trade Marks without **Energy8**'s prior written consent. Moreover, you agree not to do anything that will harm or potentially harm the rights, including the intellectual property rights of **Energy8**.
